Soap ingredients-Our soap bar are made of tantalizing saponified blends of luxurious oils,and beautiful butters from Heepseed Coconut Olive,Rice bran,Castor,Sunflower,Ghee nad kokum etc,All colors are derived from the use of natural,beautiful and therapeutic clay ,roots and seeds. 

Why-Biodegradable soaps have fewer chemical additives and synthetic components. So, they decompose quickly and break down naturally without harming the environment.Herbal soaps are made from natural materials without any harmful ingredients.

shampoo-Concentrate- Shake well and Dilute before Use. Contains Bio Enzyme, hand-crushed fresh pods of Soapnuts and Shikakai, and pure essential oil.100% Natural, bio-degradable, environmentally safe. Lab-tested with disinfectant efficacy of 99.99%

why-Eco friendly shampoo comes from natural ingredients and uses environmentally friendly packaging like paper, cardboard, refillable bottles or 100% recycled materials. The shampoo itself is free from synthetic and harmful chemicals such as sulfate and parabens that are commonly found in commercial shampoo.

Facewash-Brightened skin is not far away with this acai berry and daisy flower enriched combo. Vitamin C face wash cleanses your skin and exfoliates only the top layers of skin cells. It helps remove rough texture and uneven skin tone.

why-They are formulated sans synthetic ingredients, harmful chemicals and components such as sulphates, parabens and phthalates which is beneficial for skin.Naturally and organically derived ingredients are mostly sustainably sourced which is not only beneficial for your skin but also for the environment.

Body Scrub-made from brown sugar, vegetable glycerin, and several oils like sweet almond oil. This body scrub is great for sensitive skin and can be used on your body and face.

why-Using natural exfoliating scrubs as part of your natural skincare regime also improves your circulation and lymphatic drainage which cleanses you internally, stimulates the blood, and nourishes the surface of the skin. It also increases cell turnover, skin radiance, and the overall healthy appearance of the skin.